README.md, before:

# Scoundrel_card_game
A Python version of the Scoundrel card game.

## What's Scoundrel ?

Scoundrel is a card game in which the player takes on the role of an adventurer who must traverse a dungeon.
The game is played with a standard 54-card deck. The rules are explain in details below.

TO DO: explain rules.

## How implement the game ?

The first of all thing is to create a standard deck. We will discuss the game logic in a second time.
We can imagine a deck as a linked list (chained list?). As a reminder, a linked list is a list composed of several nodes. Each node has his own value and a pointer to the next node. A linked list can be visualized as a necklace chain. If you look closely, the chain is made up of several links. In this example, the necklace chain is the linked list and each links is a node. If you take the first links, you will grab all the necklace chain.

So, we have to create a class to represente Card (-> Node) and a class to represent Deck (Linked List). We will discuss these classes :

**Card** :
A Card is define by several properties : value (2, 3, ..., J, Q, K, A, Joker), suits (Hearts, Diamonds, Clubs, Spades), power ?

Here is some interesting methods to implement in the Card logic :
- Is a face card ?
- Is eaven / Is odd ?
- Has red color ? Has black color ?
- Is greater than ... ?
- Is lower than ... ?
- Is a joker ?

**Deck** :
As we said, a Deck is a linked chain. So, it's define by a "head". This is the first node (-> the first card).

Here is some interesting methods to implement in the Deck logic :
- Is empty ?
- Get size of the deck.
- Get first card of the deck.
- Get last card of the deck.
- What's the card at the index i in the deck?
- Does the X card is in the deck?
- Add a X card at the begining of the deck (top of the deck).
- Add a X card at the bottom of the deck.
- Add a X card at the i position of the deck.
- Remove the X card in the deck.
- suffle the deck.
- draw the first card of the deck. (--> same as get first card ?)
- get index of a given Card in the Deck ?

**Board** :
I think that the best idea is to create a class for the board game. Thanks to that, it will be simple to show rooms during the game.
The board need to have 5 Cards slots : 4 for the room's Cards and one for the potential equiped weapon.

**Discard pile** :
As the board, I think the best idea is to create a class for the discard pile ? Maybe it's juste a Deck instance ??

Commit message:

[IMP] Start of Board() class
Start to create the Board() method, with a beginning of methods for :

- get_room()
- clear_slots()
- pass_room()

This part is quite complex and I'm not sure that I did the best version.
Maybe all these things will change in the future.

French :
Je pense que je dois mieux dissocier les méthodes en fonction des classes.
Je pense avoir besoin des classes :
- Card
- Deck (pour le Deck mais aussi la défausse (Discard))
- Board
- Player

Le but est d'éviter d'implémenter une méthode qui devrait être spécifique aux cartes dans le modèle du deck par exemple.

README.md, after:

# Scoundrel_card_game
A Python version of the Scoundrel card game.

## What's Scoundrel ?

Scoundrel is a card game in which the player takes on the role of an adventurer who must traverse a dungeon.
The game is played with a standard 54-card deck. The rules are explain in details below.

TO DO: explain rules.

## How implement the game ?

The first of all thing is to create a standard deck. We will discuss the game logic in a second time.
We can imagine a deck as a linked list (chained list?). As a reminder, a linked list is a list composed of several nodes. Each node has his own value and a pointer to the next node. A linked list can be visualized as a necklace chain. If you look closely, the chain is made up of several links. In this example, the necklace chain is the linked list and each links is a node. If you take the first links, you will grab all the necklace chain.

So, we have to create a class to represente Card (-> Node) and a class to represent Deck (Linked List). We will discuss these classes :

**Card** :
A Card is define by several properties : value (2, 3, ..., J, Q, K, A, Joker), suits (Hearts, Diamonds, Clubs, Spades), power ?

Here is some interesting methods to implement in the Card logic :
- Is a face card ? (DONE)
- Is eaven / Is odd ? (DONE)
- Has red color ? Has black color ? (DONE)
- Is greater than ... ? (DONE)
- Is lower than ... ? (DONE)
- Is a joker ? (DONE)

**Deck** :
As we said, a Deck is a linked chain. So, it's define by a "head". This is the first node (-> the first card).

Here is some interesting methods to implement in the Deck logic :
- Is empty ? (DONE)
- Get size of the deck. (DONE)
- Get first card of the deck. (DONE)
- Get last card of the deck. (DONE)
- What's the card at the index i in the deck? (DONE)
- Does the X card is in the deck? (DONE)
- Add a X card at the begining of the deck (top of the deck). (DONE)
- Add a X card at the bottom of the deck. (DONE)
- Add a X card at the i position of the deck. (DONE)
- Remove the X card in the deck. (DONE)
- suffle the deck. (DONE)
- get index of a given Card in the Deck ? (DONE)

- draw if different that get the first Card because get the first Card is just a method that return the first Card of the Deck.
Draw is an action in which we get the first Card of the Deck and then we remove this Card from the Deck. The initialy second Card become the new first one.

**Board** :
I think that the best idea is to create a class for the board game. Thanks to that, it will be simple to show rooms during the game.
The board need to have 5 Cards slots : 4 for the room's Cards and one for the potential equiped weapon.

**Discard pile** :
As the board, I think the best idea is to create a class for the discard pile ? Maybe it's juste a Deck instance ??
